MEET THE NEW OPERATOR

DEIMOS
https://www.ubisoft.com/en-gb/game/rainbow-six/siege/game-info/operators/deimos

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is an online tactical shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released worldwide for PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One on December 1, 2015; the game was also released for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S exactly five years later on December 1, 2020. The title received a port for Google Stadia on June 30, 2021, and one for Amazon Luna in January 2022.

The game puts heavy emphasis on environmental destruction and cooperation between players. Each player assumes control of an attacker or a defender in different gameplay modes such as rescuing a hostage, defusing a bomb, and taking control of an objective within a room. The title has no campaign but features a series of short, offline missions called, "situations" that can be played solo.

These missions have a loose narrative, focusing on recruits going through training to prepare them for future encounters with the "White Masks", a terrorist group that threatens the safety of the world. 

Y9S1.2 PATCH NOTES

See the upcoming changes to Rainbow Six Siege with the release of Y9S1.2! 

Read More

OPERATORS

Operátor 	Speciális képesség 	Fegyverek 	Használati arány
Ash 	Explosive Breach Rounds 	R4-C, G36C 	20%
Jäger 	Active Defense System 	416-C Carbine, M870 	18%
Thermite 	Exothermic Charges 	556xi, M1014 	15%
Rook 	Armor Pack 	P90, MP5 	14%
Bandit 	Shock Wire 	MP7, M870 	12%

Studios
Ubisoft Montreal
CREDITS

Platforms
XBOX GAME PASS
XBOX SERIES X | S
Xbox one
PLAYSTATION 5
Playstation 4
UBISOFT CONNECT
Amazon Luna

Partners
Geforce now 



2015 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Tom Clancy’s, Rainbow Six, The Soldier Icon, Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered or unregistered trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the U.S. and/or other countries. Microsoft, the Xbox Sphere mark, the Series X logo, Series S logo, Series X|S logo, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, and Xbox Series X|S are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. “PlayStation LOGO”, “PlayStation”, “PS5 LOGO” and “PS4 LOGO” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
